Remote Sales Contract
1.PARTIES



This Distance Sales Agreement (“Agreement”) has entered into force on the date of sale of the service sold electronically between Mustafa Bilek, (hereinafter referred to as “Horiar Medya & Teknoloji”) and the consumer (“Consumer”) who has selected the monthly or 12-month commitment membership option via the address https://horiar.com and/or mobile device, telephone and/or other technological devices and has concluded this Agreement in order to benefit from the digital content services (“Digital Content Services”) offered by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji. The agreement has entered into force upon the approval of the Consumer on the date of sale of the service sold electronically.



Commercial information regarding Horiar Medya & Teknoloji in this Agreement is as follows:

NAME/TITLE: Mustafa Bilek

ADDRESS: MERDIVENKOY MAH. INCIRLI Str. ARIM APT NO: 8 INSIDE DOOR NO: 27 KADIKOY/ ISTANBUL

EMAIL: contact@horiar.com

TEL: +905050505555

Tax ID NO: 1710388513

Tax Office: Goztepe



2. PRELIMINARY INFORMATION CONFIRMATION



The CONSUMER accepts and declares that he/she is informed about the basic characteristics, sales price, payment method and all other issues of the digital content services subject to sale in accordance with the Distance Contracts Regulation and Subscription Contracts Regulation published in the Official Gazette numbered 29188, that he/she has been provided with preliminary information and that this Agreement is binding.



This Preliminary Information Form is an integral part of this Agreement.



TOPIC 3



The purpose of this service is to deliver the digital content services on the https://horiar.com website to which the Consumer will connect over the internet during the period the service fee that the Consumer is obliged to pay is paid to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji, and within this scope, to determine the rights and obligations of the parties in accordance with the provisions of the Law No. 6502 on the Protection of Consumers, the Regulation on Distance Contracts and the Regulation on Subscription Agreements.



4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE USE OF THE SERVICE



4.1 The service fee that the Consumer is obliged to pay is related to the delivery of digital content services to the Consumer on the website https://horiar.com, to which the Consumer will connect over the internet for the period of payment to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji.



4.2. The consumer is provided with the right to access digital content via https://horiar.com. The consumer can access digital content with their e-mail address and password and can use them online via the internet. The consumer cannot download the content on the site to their desktop or another server or computer, copy, share, distribute or sell all of it. These and all similar acts are prohibited under the Law on Intellectual and Artistic Works. The consumer is free to determine, increase or decrease the number of pages or characters as they wish regarding copying and printing digital content on the Horiar Media & Technology site. The CONSUMER has essentially purchased the opportunity to read, examine and search digital content via the internet. Horiar Media & Technology is the owner of all other rights such as copying, printing or downloading, printing, spreading, distributing etc. material and moral rights regulated in the Law on Intellectual and Artistic Works, and the fact that the CONSUMER makes a purchase from the https://horiar.com website or obtains the password that grants access to the sites does not grant the CONSUMER the right to fully use these rights belonging to Horiar Media & Technology or to become the owner of these rights, and the consumer accepts, declares and undertakes that he/she will not use these contents for commercial purposes in any way and that no authority not expressly stated in this Agreement has been transferred to him/her.



4.3. The service purchased by the consumer is delivered electronically. After the CONSUMER reads and approves this agreement and makes the payment in full and in full, Horiar Medya & Teknoloji will provide the CONSUMER with a username and password valid for the number and duration of the digital content services purchased via the https://horiar.com internet address in order to provide access within the date range purchased by the CONSUMER, and will enable the CONSUMER to start using the digital content services. Subscribers can start using the service within 25 minutes at the latest from the moment the collection is made. If the product price is not paid for any reason, Horiar Medya & Teknoloji is deemed to be released from its delivery obligation.



4.4. If the Consumer selects a monthly thirty (30) day renewal subscription package for the content they prefer: the subscription will be renewed for 30 (thirty) days on the day it is purchased, unless terminated by the Consumer before the invoice renewal date, and the service fee for the renewed period will be collected regularly from the Consumer's credit card provided by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji at the beginning of each new 30 (thirty) day invoice period. If the subscription is not requested to be renewed, the membership cancellation must be communicated to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji before the renewal date, in accordance with the procedures specified in Article 6. If the Consumer benefits from a campaign in which Horiar Medya & Teknoloji is in cooperation after the signature of the Distance Sales Agreement, the campaign terms will be in effect during the campaign period. After the end of the campaign, the Consumer will continue with the subscription package they have previously selected.



If the Consumer chooses a subscription package that renews every 3 months for the content they prefer: the subscription will be renewed again on the day it is purchased for 3 months, unless the Consumer terminates it before the bill renewal date, and the service fee for the renewed period will be collected regularly from the Consumer's credit card provided by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji at the beginning of each new billing period. If renewal is not requested, the termination request must be submitted to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji in writing or via e-mail within the billing period of the month before the renewal date at the latest. If the Consumer benefits from a campaign that Horiar Medya & Teknoloji is in cooperation with after the signature of the Distance Sales Agreement, the campaign terms will be in effect during the campaign period. After the end of the campaign, the Consumer will continue with the subscription package they have previously selected.



In case of 6-month renewed committed subscription: Unless the Committed Subscription is terminated by the Subscriber at least one billing period before, it will be renewed for 6-month periods as of the date of purchase and the fee for the renewed period will be collected from the payment method determined by the Subscriber at the beginning of each renewed 6-month period. If renewal is not requested, the termination request must be submitted to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji in writing or via e-mail within the billing period of the month prior to the renewal date at the latest. If the Consumer benefits from a campaign that Horiar Medya & Teknoloji is in cooperation with after the signature of the Distance Sales Agreement, the campaign terms will be in effect during the campaign period. After the end of the campaign, the Consumer will continue with the subscription package they have previously selected.



4.5. In cases where the payment information and campaign code are entered and the subscription that automatically renews at the end of the campaign will be valid: The campaign periods will be determined unilaterally by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji, and if not terminated by the Consumer before the end of this period, the subscription will continue on the renewed subscription package as of the date the campaign ends. If the subscription is not terminated before the end of the campaign period or before the renewal date if the standard subscription starts, it will be renewed with the selected package period as of the date the standard subscription starts and the fee for the renewed period will be collected from the payment methods specified by the Consumer on the date the standard subscription starts and at the beginning of each renewed period. If the subscription is not requested to be renewed, the membership cancellation must be communicated to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji before the renewal date using the procedures specified in Article 6.



5. PRODUCT/SERVICE PRICE



5.1. The CONSUMER accepts and undertakes to pay the product/service fees for paid digital content services specified in this agreement and explained on the https://horiar.com website, in the manner stated, and that he/she will not be able to benefit from the services offered by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji unless he/she makes this payment.



5.2. In case of selecting a 30 (thirty) day subscription by debit or credit card: Unless the purchased subscription is terminated, all taxes are included in the subscription fee to be collected at the beginning of each automatically renewed 30 (thirty) day period.



If a 12-month subscription is selected by debit or credit card: Unless the purchased subscription is terminated, it will be charged at the beginning of each automatically renewed 12-month period and all taxes are included.



5.3. In case of selecting a 12-month subscription by debit or credit card: Unless the purchased subscription is terminated, the subscription fee to be collected at the beginning of each automatically renewed 12-month period includes all taxes. The total amount is collected in a single advance payment by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji.



5.4. Horiar Medya & Teknoloji always has the right to make changes to the service fees. Changes to the service fees will affect the next billing period. If the Consumer does not accept these changes that may occur in the service fees, the Consumer has the right to terminate the Agreement until the date on which the service fee will be collected from the Consumer. The Consumer who does not terminate the Agreement until this date will be deemed to have accepted the change regarding the service fee to be applied to the renewed period.



5.5. This Agreement, which will be approved electronically, will be sent by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji to the e-mail address provided by the Consumer following the purchase.







6. CANCELLATION OF MEMBERSHIP



6.1. If a monthly (30-day) renewal subscription is selected; membership cancellation can be made within one month prior to the renewal period in writing or by sending it to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji via the phone number on the website. Upon receipt of the cancellation request, membership will be automatically stopped on the day that coincides with the renewal date within the following month.



If a 12-month renewal subscription is selected; the subscriber who wishes to cancel before the end of the subscription period can make this request in writing during the billing period of the month before the renewal date or by communicating it to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji via the phone number on the website. In this context, the cancellation fee to be requested from the Consumer will be limited to the discount amount applied to the unused months within the scope of the commitment. Upon receipt of the cancellation request, the membership will be automatically stopped on the day that coincides with the renewal period within the following month.



6.2. If a 12-month renewed commitment subscription is selected; the subscriber who wishes to cancel before the end of the subscription period can make this request in writing within the billing period of the month before the renewal date or by communicating it to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji via the phone number on the website. In this context, the cancellation fee to be requested from the Consumer will be limited to the discount amount applied to the unused months within the scope of the commitment. Upon receipt of the cancellation request, the membership will be automatically stopped on the day that coincides with the renewal period within the following month.



6.3. In case the subscriber exercises the right of withdrawal in committed subscriptions and terminates the contract, Horiar Medya & Teknoloji will refund the amount paid by the consumer within fifteen days from the date of the termination notice, provided that the discount amount for the unused months is deducted.



7. GENERAL PROVISIONS



7.1. CONSUMER accepts, declares and undertakes that he/she has read the preliminary information regarding the digital content services subject to the contract on the website of Horiar Medya & Teknoloji, that he/she is informed and that he/she has given the necessary confirmation electronically.



7.2. Horiar Medya & Teknoloji accepts, declares and undertakes to perform the digital content services subject to the Agreement, in a sound manner, in accordance with the legal legislation requirements, free from all defects, in accordance with the standards, within the principles of honesty and integrity, to maintain and increase the service quality, to show the necessary attention and care during the performance of the work, and to act with prudence and foresight.



7.3. Horiar Medya & Teknoloji accepts, declares and undertakes that if it cannot fulfill its contractual obligations in the event that the performance of digital content services becomes impossible, it will notify the consumer in writing within 3 days from the date it learns of this situation and will refund the total price to the CONSUMER within 14 days.



7.4. The CONSUMER accepts, declares and undertakes that it will confirm this Agreement electronically for the performance of the service subject to the Agreement, and that if the service fee subject to the Agreement is not paid for any reason and/or is cancelled in the bank records, Horiar Medya & Teknoloji's obligation to perform the service subject to the Agreement will end.



7.5. In all cases that are considered force majeure and are beyond the possible control of Horiar Medya & Teknoloji and/or are considered force majeure within the scope of the Code of Obligations and/or unexpected situations and/or disruptive conditions, Horiar Medya & Teknoloji shall not be liable for late or incomplete performance or non-performance of any of its obligations. Such and similar cases shall not be deemed as delay, incomplete performance or non-performance or default for Horiar Medya & Teknoloji, and no compensation can be claimed from Horiar Medya & Teknoloji under any name for such cases.



7.6. Horiar Medya & Teknoloji has the right to reach the CONSUMER via the address, e-mail address, fixed and mobile telephone lines and other communication information specified by the CONSUMER in the site registration form or updated by the CONSUMER later, via letters, e-mails, SMS, telephone calls and other means for communication, marketing, notification and other purposes. By accepting this agreement, the CONSUMER accepts and declares that Horiar Medya & Teknoloji may engage in the above-mentioned communication activities towards the CONSUMER.



7.7. In cases where the payment made by the CONSUMER is made by credit card etc. without issuing a spending document, and the credit card is used illegally by someone else; the procedure will be carried out in accordance with the provisions of the “Banking Cards and Credit Cards Law” numbered 5464 and the “Regulation on Amendments to the Regulation on Banking Cards and Credit Cards” published in the Official Gazette dated 10/3/2007 and numbered 26458, as amended by the “Regulation on Amendments to the Regulation on Banking Cards and Credit Cards” published in the Official Gazette dated 13/06/2019 and numbered 30800.



7.8 CONSUMER accepts, declares and undertakes to comply with the provisions of the Law on Intellectual and Artistic Works and the relevant legal legislation and not to act contrary to them.



7.9 CONSUMER accepts, declares and undertakes that he/she will not use the Digital Contents, the copyrights of which are located on Horiar Medya & Teknoloji https://horiar.com in accordance with the Law on Intellectual and Artistic Works numbered 5846, for commercial purposes in any way and that no authority not specified in this Agreement has been transferred to him/her. Any information, software or service obtained from the content services purchased by CONSUMER cannot be changed, copied, distributed, reproduced, published, made subject to derivative works, transferred or sold. CONSUMER accepts and undertakes that he/she will not use the service he/she purchased with this agreement for illegal purposes and/or in these prohibited ways. Otherwise, all legal and criminal liability that may arise belongs to CONSUMER, and Horiar Medya & Teknoloji reserves the right to demand compensation and other claims arising from such unauthorized use against all claims and demands that may be brought against Horiar Medya & Teknoloji by third parties or authorized authorities.



7.10. CONSUMER cannot copy, distribute, publish, broadcast, sell, reproduce or otherwise keep or use in electronic environments such as computers, web, internet, servers etc. the products and services and software content purchased through the https://horiar.com internet address, either partially or in whole.



7.11. CONSUMER cannot transfer, rent, sell, lend or offer for the benefit of third parties the products purchased from https://horiar.com internet address, whether for a fee or free of charge. All legal and criminal rights of Horiar Medya & Teknoloji are reserved.



7.12. The content purchased by the CONSUMER consists of sources covered by copyright, and Horiar Medya & Teknoloji is not responsible in any way for the information in any product or service purchased or subscribed to by the CONSUMER being incorrect or for the misinterpretation or misuse by the CONSUMER.



7.13. Horiar Media & Technology has the right to make any kind of renewals, changes and additions to the content of the digital content services on the https://horiar.com internet address without prior notice.



7.14. The ownership of digital content, printed and online publications, products, subscriptions and licenses on the https://horiar.com internet address belongs to Horiar Media & Technology and all usage is subject to the written permission of Horiar Media & Technology. Horiar Media & Technology unilaterally decides which information, documents, software or texts in the system will be copied, printed and shared in what way, and Horiar Media & Technology is free to make any changes and renewals it wishes regarding these features.



7.15. Horiar Media & Technology has the right to take all necessary security measures to prevent unfair use of the service it provides via the https://horiar.com internet address and to change, renew, etc. these as it wishes.



7.16. CONSUMER cannot use the content services, online publications, products, subscriptions and licenses received through the https://horiar.com internet address for an illegal purpose, contrary to public order and general morality, and especially in a way that violates the intellectual, artistic, copyright and industrial rights of Horiar Media & Technology and the publication and product owners. All legal and criminal rights of Horiar Media & Technology are reserved.



7.17. This contract, which is prepared for the use of the content on the https://horiar.com website of Horiar Medya & Teknoloji by the CONSUMER, may vary from CONSUMER to CONSUMER since Horiar Medya & Teknoloji allows it to change it at any time. Therefore, the CONSUMER does not have the opportunity and right to make a claim by showing the contract of another CONSUMER as a precedent.



7.18. Horiar Media & Technology does not undertake that the digital content services on the https://horiar.com internet address will be error-free and will meet the requests and needs of the CONSUMER, and will be made available on the sites. CONSUMER accepts, declares and undertakes that it is natural for errors to occur. Horiar Media & Technology will correct any errors reported by the CONSUMER within a reasonable period of time.



7.19. Despite its efforts to ensure that digital content services remain uninterrupted, Horiar Media & Technology is not responsible for any interruptions that may occur due to other reasons, nor is it responsible for any damages that may occur.



7.20. The CONSUMER declares and undertakes that he/she is responsible for all costs and responsibilities related to the internet infrastructure or internet package etc. through which he/she will connect to the Digital Content Services, and that Horiar Medya & Teknoloji has no responsibility for quota fees or expenses in this context.



7.21. The CONSUMER declares and undertakes that the personal and other information provided by him/her while becoming a member of the Horiar Medya & Teknoloji website is true and correct, and that he/she will compensate Horiar Medya & Teknoloji for all damages that may be incurred by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji due to the untruthfulness of this information, immediately, in cash and in one go upon the first notification of Horiar Medya & Teknoloji.



7.22. CONSUMER accepts and undertakes that he/she can use the Digital Content Services subject to the Agreement by entering the username and password he/she has determined, and that Horiar Medya & Teknoloji is not responsible for the inability to use the services due to incorrect username and/or password.



7.23. The CONSUMER accepts and undertakes that he/she will take the necessary care and attention to keep the password and username confidential, will not disclose the password and username to any third party, will not allow them to be used, will immediately notify Horiar Medya & Teknoloji if he/she learns or suspects that his/her password has been obtained by unauthorized third parties, and that Horiar Medya & Teknoloji will not be responsible for any damages that may arise from the use of the password and username by third parties.



7.24. CONSUMER has the opportunity to create a membership with the e-mail address provided during registration. More than one membership cannot be created with the same e-mail address. CONSUMER will use the e-mail address provided during registration as the user name and will have a password that he/she will determine. CONSUMER can change his/her password at any time. The responsibility for choosing, changing and protecting the password belongs entirely to CONSUMER.



7.25. The CONSUMER accepts and undertakes to comply with the provisions of the legal legislation and not to violate them while using the website of Horiar Medya & Teknoloji. Otherwise, all legal and criminal liabilities that may arise will bind the CONSUMER completely and exclusively.



7.26. The CONSUMER may not use the Horiar Medya & Teknoloji website in any way that disrupts public order, is against general morality, disturbs and harasses others, for an illegal purpose, or in a way that violates the material and moral rights of others. Furthermore, the member may not engage in any activity that prevents or makes it difficult for others to use the services (spam, virus, trojan horse, etc.).



7.27. Links may be provided to other websites and/or other content that are not under the control of Horiar Medya & Teknoloji and/or owned and/or operated by other third parties through the website belonging to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji. These links are placed for the purpose of facilitating navigation for the CONSUMER and do not support any website or the person operating that site and do not constitute any guarantee regarding the information contained in the linked website.



7.28. The member who violates one or more of the articles listed in this agreement shall be personally liable for this violation in legal and criminal terms and shall hold Horiar Medya & Teknoloji harmless from the legal and criminal consequences of these violations. In addition; in the event that the incident is brought to the legal field due to this violation, Horiar Medya & Teknoloji reserves the right to claim compensation from the member due to non-compliance with the membership agreement.



7.29. The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement or any expression contained in the Agreement shall not affect the force and validity of the remaining provisions of the Agreement.



7.30. It is the Consumer's responsibility to regularly check Horiar Media & Technology for information and updates.







8. DEFAULT EVENT AND ITS LEGAL CONSEQUENCES



The CONSUMER accepts, declares and undertakes that if the CONSUMER defaults in the payment transactions made by credit card, he/she will pay interest within the framework of the credit card agreement between the cardholder and the bank and will be liable to the bank. In this case, the relevant bank may resort to legal means; may demand the expenses and attorney fees that will arise from the CONSUMER and in any case, in the event that the CONSUMER defaults due to his/her debt, the CONSUMER accepts, declares and undertakes that he/she will pay the damages and losses incurred by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji due to the delayed payment of the debt.







9. CONSUMER COMPLAINTS AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION



9.1. Consumers may submit their complaints regarding the services provided by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji via contact@horiar.com .



9.2. Complaints and objections arising from this contract shall be made to the consumer problems arbitration committee or consumer court in the place where the consumer is located or where the consumer transaction is made, within the monetary limits specified in the law below. The application limits determining the scope of duty of the consumer arbitration committees are determined again in terms of the values of consumer disputes every year at the revaluation rate announced by the Ministry of Treasury and Finance.



Effective as of 28/05/2014:



a In accordance with Article 68 of the Law No. 6502 on Consumer Protection, in the case of disputes with a value below 11,330 Turkish Liras in the provinces that do not have the status of a metropolitan municipality, to the provincial consumer arbitration committees,



b In provinces with metropolitan municipality status, it is mandatory to apply to the provincial consumer arbitration committees for disputes between 7,550 Turkish Liras and 11,330 Turkish Liras, and to the district consumer arbitration committees for disputes with a value below 7,550 Turkish Liras. This Agreement is made for commercial purposes.



10. TERMINATION AND TERMINATION OF THE CONTRACT



10.1. If Horiar Medya & Teknoloji decides to completely and unilaterally stop providing the product and/or service subject to this Agreement to consumers and decides to terminate the service in general, the Consumer shall not demand any rights or compensation from Horiar Medya & Teknoloji that terminates the service.



10.2. The CONSUMER cannot use and/or allow use of the Digital Content Services in any way other than for individual use, and cannot transmit, allow use and/or transfer them to 3rd parties and/or institutions. In the event that an unauthorized use is detected or such use is suspected by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji, the services provided within the scope of this Agreement may be stopped immediately and this Agreement may be terminated unilaterally without any notice. In such a case, Horiar Medya & Teknoloji reserves the right to demand compensation for its damages and other legal rights. The rights subject to this Agreement cannot be subject to commercial purposes by the BUYER in any way.



10.3. If the CONSUMER wishes to terminate this Agreement, he/she may terminate his/her membership by giving written notice to Horiar Medya & Teknoloji.



10.4. When the CONSUMER terminates his/her membership unilaterally, he/she may request the deletion, destruction or anonymization of his/her personal data provided under this Agreement. Requests regarding the deletion, destruction or anonymization of the CONSUMER's personal data are evaluated in accordance with the procedures and principles set forth in the Horiar Media & Technology Personal Data Protection and Processing Policy.



11. STAMP DUTY



The stamp duty arising from this Agreement belongs to us.



12. NOTIFICATION NOTIFICATIONS



12.1 Horiar Medya & Teknoloji, the e-mail address provided by the CONSUMER is accepted as the e-mail address to which the legal address will be requested for all kinds of notifications to be made in relation to this Agreement.



12.2 The parties agree that requests made to old e-mail addresses will be valid and will be deemed to have been made to them unless they notify the other party in writing of changes to their current e-mail addresses within 3 (three) days.



12.3 Any notification made by Horiar Medya & Teknoloji using the CONSUMER'S registered e-mail address will be deemed to have reached the CONSUMER 1 (one) day after the e-mail is sent by HORIAR MEDYA & TECHNOLOGY.



13. SIGNATURE AND ENFORCEMENT



This Agreement has been concluded by the Consumer declaring that the Agreement has been read and accepted and will be effective from that moment on. The Agreement will remain in force until terminated by either Party.



The Consumer declares, accepts and undertakes that he/she has read, understood and accepted all the articles in this Agreement and confirms the accuracy of the information provided about himself/herself.











Horiar Media & Technology

NAME/TITLE: Mustafa Bilek

ADDRESS: MERDIVENKOY MAH. INCIRLI Str. ARIM APT NO: 8 INSIDE DOOR NO: 27 KADIKOY/ ISTANBUL

EMAIL: contact@horiar.com

TEL: +905050505555